one of the debts of road tourism
current is to generate more possibilities of
surpassed some outstanding technicians of
the category they think about what they would do
so that this is possible in the future
so that the cars his person is not a
single thing of some sum
even over time they have gone it
they have been changing
and they play against the show
For example, I can list the
tire is one of them would have to
have a tire that is fast in
classification and to wear long
of the career then who administers
better the tire
will change the performance of the
career and this would have overrun
aerodynamically the cars have to
be so dependent on dynamic but
it also has to be survive before
so that when the car goes back
of another in the curves is neutralized and
later
the power curve of the engines
They should have much more outstanding
then when some pilot commits a
error
it leaves the engine power loses
a lot of power and the one behind also
has the possibility of overcoming it
use tubes with greater resistance
to advance so that more option is generated
are a series of things that throughout
of time in search of parity
evolve with the category playing very
against in the show I think that
the fastest thing would be to make a tire
to degrade the tires that are
degrade automatically is engineering
much better skills besides we
they forget and so we do not see it
permanently on the optional terrain
a system for the engine to have a
plus and the pilot may have five or
six possibilities during the race and
national power
and to be able to pass when he decides
it seems interesting everything that is
doing in the world the fact of
deliver a certain power time
to those interesting partners the same as
be on the side of power by the
all of the dynamics it seems to me that those
are alternative alternatives for me in
general and at the level of what the
I find the world interesting, which does not
it's easy to do it and fast here maybe
is there any possibility with the option of
these new engines can reach the
future have any chance I
it seems that resort to the grid system
inverted and not apply to pilots the
three three per cold one well
more so than the pilot who is
competitive you can even if it has grid
inverted that has a vehicle that is
always at the best technical level good what
load of weight or anything then that
it seems immediately interesting
I do not see an easy solution to that
I can not think what he lived
a little time in a career that
they invited to play Brazilian she has
a method that
that is called your peace that is a button that
enables an extra power for about
seconds
and it allows the one who goes back to power
to overcome him obviously obviously always
in front does not press it in any
moment the only race that was done
with less load they exceeded a
little bit more this when we take out the
spoiler but it was also
It was uneven because some people found
the road faster than others and out there
if we let several races pass
come back
to put all the same seriously in order to
have a maximum engine speed for
use it for 10 times or 5 times something
different to grant a
by hand we have it at hand
because the engines give to turn more
regime of the electronics controls it
category
It would be an easy thing to try